examples/pages-router/readme.md, before:

## Getting Started

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) and it uses the [Pages Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages). It also uses [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) for styling.

You can check out the code at [https://github.com/mintlify/mdx/blob/main/examples/pages-router/pages/index.tsx](https://github.com/mintlify/mdx/blob/main/examples/pages-router/pages/index.tsx) to understand how to parse your markdown using [@mintlify/mdx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mintlify/mdx).

## How to use

1. Call the `getCompiledMdx` function inside `getStaticProps` and return the `mdxSource` object.

   ```tsx
   export const getStaticProps = (async () => {
     const mdxSource = await getCompiledMdx({
       source: "## Markdown H2",
     });

     return {
       props: {
         mdxSource,
       },
     };
   }) satisfies GetStaticProps<{
     mdxSource: MDXCompiledResult;
   }>;
   ```

2. Pass the `mdxSource` object as props inside the `MDXComponent`.

   ```tsx
   export default function Page({
     mdxSource,
   }: InferGetStaticPropsType<typeof getStaticProps>) {
     return <MDXComponent {...mdxSource} />;
   }
   ```

3. Import `@mintlify/mdx/dist/styles.css` inside your `_app.tsx` file. This file contains the styles for the code syntax highlighting.

   ```tsx
   import "@mintlify/mdx/dist/styles.css";

   import { AppProps } from "next/app";

   export default function App({ Component, pageProps }: AppProps) {
     return <Component {...pageProps} />;
   }
   ```

Commit message:

docs: adds demo URLs to readme

examples/pages-router/readme.md, after:

## Getting Started

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) and it uses the [Pages Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages). It also uses [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) for styling.

You can check out the code at [https://github.com/mintlify/mdx/blob/main/examples/pages-router/pages/index.tsx](https://github.com/mintlify/mdx/blob/main/examples/pages-router/pages/index.tsx) to understand how to parse your markdown using [@mintlify/mdx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mintlify/mdx).

## Demo

You can check out the demo of [this page](https://github.com/mintlify/mdx/blob/main/examples/pages-router/pages/index.tsx) at [https://mdx-pages-router.vercel.app](https://mdx-pages-router.vercel.app).

## How to use

1. Call the `getCompiledMdx` function inside `getStaticProps` and return the `mdxSource` object.

   ```tsx
   export const getStaticProps = (async () => {
     const mdxSource = await getCompiledMdx({
       source: "## Markdown H2",
     });

     return {
       props: {
         mdxSource,
       },
     };
   }) satisfies GetStaticProps<{
     mdxSource: MDXCompiledResult;
   }>;
   ```

2. Pass the `mdxSource` object as props inside the `MDXComponent`.

   ```tsx
   export default function Page({
     mdxSource,
   }: InferGetStaticPropsType<typeof getStaticProps>) {
     return <MDXComponent {...mdxSource} />;
   }
   ```

3. Import `@mintlify/mdx/dist/styles.css` inside your `_app.tsx` file. This file contains the styles for the code syntax highlighting.

   ```tsx
   import "@mintlify/mdx/dist/styles.css";

   import { AppProps } from "next/app";

   export default function App({ Component, pageProps }: AppProps) {
     return <Component {...pageProps} />;
   }
   ```
