examples/app-router/readme.md, before:

## Getting Started

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) and it uses the [App Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/app). It also uses [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) for styling.

You can check out the code at [https://github.com/mintlify/mdx/blob/main/examples/app-router/app/page.tsx](https://github.com/mintlify/mdx/blob/main/examples/app-router/app/page.tsx) to understand how to parse your markdown using [@mintlify/mdx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mintlify/mdx).

## How to use

1. Call the `getCompiledServerMdx` function inside your async React Server Component which will give you the `frontmatter` and `content`.

   ```tsx
   import { getCompiledServerMdx } from "@mintlify/mdx";

   export default async function Home() {
     const { content, frontmatter } = await getCompiledServerMdx({
       source: `---
         title: Title
         ---
   
         ## Markdown H2
       `,
     });

     return (
       <article className="prose mx-auto py-8">
         <h1>{String(frontmatter.title)}</h1>

         {content}
       </article>
     );
   }
   ```

2. Import `@mintlify/mdx/dist/styles.css` inside your `layout.tsx` file. This file contains the styles for the code syntax highlighting.

   ```tsx
   import type { Metadata } from "next";
   import "@mintlify/mdx/dist/styles.css";

   export const metadata: Metadata = {
     title: "Create Next App",
     description: "Generated by create next app",
   };

   export default function RootLayout({
     children,
   }: {
     children: React.ReactNode;
   }) {
     return (
       <html lang="en">
         <body>{children}</body>
       </html>
     );
   }
   ```

Commit message:

docs: adds demo URLs to readme

examples/app-router/readme.md, after:

## Getting Started

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) and it uses the [App Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/app). It also uses [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) for styling.

You can check out the code at [https://github.com/mintlify/mdx/blob/main/examples/app-router/app/page.tsx](https://github.com/mintlify/mdx/blob/main/examples/app-router/app/page.tsx) to understand how to parse your markdown using [@mintlify/mdx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mintlify/mdx).

## Demo

You can check out the demo of [this page](https://github.com/mintlify/mdx/blob/main/examples/app-router/app/page.tsx) at [https://mdx-app-router.vercel.app](https://mdx-app-router.vercel.app).

## How to use

1. Call the `getCompiledServerMdx` function inside your async React Server Component which will give you the `frontmatter` and `content`.

   ```tsx
   import { getCompiledServerMdx } from "@mintlify/mdx";

   export default async function Home() {
     const { content, frontmatter } = await getCompiledServerMdx({
       source: `---
         title: Title
         ---
   
         ## Markdown H2
       `,
     });

     return (
       <article className="prose mx-auto py-8">
         <h1>{String(frontmatter.title)}</h1>

         {content}
       </article>
     );
   }
   ```

2. Import `@mintlify/mdx/dist/styles.css` inside your `layout.tsx` file. This file contains the styles for the code syntax highlighting.

   ```tsx
   import type { Metadata } from "next";
   import "@mintlify/mdx/dist/styles.css";

   export const metadata: Metadata = {
     title: "Create Next App",
     description: "Generated by create next app",
   };

   export default function RootLayout({
     children,
   }: {
     children: React.ReactNode;
   }) {
     return (
       <html lang="en">
         <body>{children}</body>
       </html>
     );
   }
   ```
